# Phone-Bill
The aim of this project is to practice on parametric functions, returning functions, reference parameters and if-else statements. The use of if-else statements is necessary in this problem; however, the use of functions is for good (modular) programming design. That means, it is possible to accomplish this project without using functions, but it is a must to use them. The details about the use of functions in this project are given later.

Description
In this project, you will write a C++ program that will calculate the total cost for the local phone bill and international phone bill of a single user. The number of minutes they talked, the number of SMS’s they sent and their internet usage as MB will be your inputs. Additionally, your program will also ask the users how many additional packages they bought for calls, SMS and/or internet. These inputs are for a single phone bill.
Please note that there are two phone bills, therefore you should handle each phone bill separately. This means, you should get the inputs for one bill first, and display its results. After that, you should do the same for the other phone bill.
In this scenario, for the local phone usage, the users have a base package (shown in Table 1), and they can buy additional packages for calls, SMS and/or internet (detailed in Table 2). Please note that additional packages are only for one kind of usage. Users can buy separate packages for calls, SMS and/or internet. It is also possible for users to buy more than one type of additional packages (e.g. packages for both calls and SMS), and more than one package for any one kind of package (e.g. three packages for internet). If they exceed their base packages and did not buy any additional packages; or they exceed the additional packages as well, the cost of their usage will be calculated using the standard rates given in Table 3. For example, if a user spent 1050 minutes for calls, and bought two additional packages for calls; they exceed their package by 1050 – 250– (250 * 2) = 300 minutes. The cost of excess minutes’ will be calculated using the standard rate of 2 TL per minute (2 TL * 300 = 600 TL).
For international phone usage, the users have a global package (shown in Table 4), and they can buy additional packages for calls, SMS and/or internet (detailed in Table 5). Please note that additional packages are only for one kind of usage. Users can buy separate packages for calls, SMS and/or internet. It is also possible for users to buy more than one type of additional packages (e.g. packages for both calls and SMS), and more than one package for any one kind of package (e.g. three packages for internet). If they exceed their global packages and did not buy any additional packages; or they exceed the additional packages as well, the cost of their usage will be calculated using the standard rates given in Table 6. For example, if a user spent 500 minutes for calls, and bought two additional packages for calls; they exceed their package by 500 – 100 – (50 * 2) = 300 minutes. The cost of excess minutes’ will be calculated using the standard rate of 15 TL per minute (15 TL * 300 = 4500TL).

Input Checks and Program Flow

Firstly, your program will ask for the number of minutes spent for local calls. At this point, you should make an input check to make sure the number of minutes is equal to or greater than zero. If this input check fails, then you should display an appropriate message and end the flow of the program. If the input is entered correctly, then your program will ask for the number of local SMS’s, and make another input check to see if that is equal to or greater than zero. Again, if this input check fails, you should display a message and end the flow of the program. If the input is correct, then your program will ask for the local internet usage in MB’s and make an input check to see if it is equal to or greater than zero. If this check fails, you will display a message and end the flow of the program. Otherwise, you will continue.
If all previous inputs are entered correctly, then your program will ask a single question for the user to enter how many local additional packages they bought for calls, SMS and/or internet. You will need to make input checks for these inputs to make sure that they are equal to or greater than zero. If any of the input checks fail. you should display a message and end the flow of the program. If all previous inputs are entered correctly, the local phone bill is calculated and displayed for the user.
After the local phone bill is calculated and displayed for the user, your program should start taking inputs to calculate the international phone bill. Firstly, your program will ask for the number of minutes spent for international calls. At this point, you should make an input check to make sure the number of minutes is equal to or greater than zero. If this input check fails, then you should display an appropriate
message and end the flow of the program. If the input is entered correctly, then your program will ask for the number of international SMS’s, and make another input check to see if that is equal to or greater than zero. Again, if this input check fails, you should display a message and end the flow of the program. If the input is correct, then your program will ask for the international internet usage in MB’s and make an input check to see if it is equal to or greater than zero. If this check fails, you will display a message and end the flow of the program. Otherwise, you will continue.
If all previous inputs are entered correctly, then your program will ask a single question for the user to enter how many international additional packages they bought for calls, SMS and/or internet. You will need to make input checks for these inputs to make sure that they are equal to or greater than zero. If any of the input checks fail, you should display a message and end the flow of the program.
You may also assume that the users will not buy additional packages if they do not exceed their base package.
Please do not forget to refer to the given tables above (Table 2, 3) to see the prices of additional packages and standard rates for outside of package uses of services. Please note that you should make conversions between GB, MB and KB when necessary.
After the calculations, your program will display the total cost and display a special message according to the total cost of the bill. You may see the cases and their respective messages. Please remember that there are different phone bills, therefore you should handle each case separately. This means, you should get the inputs for one phone bill first, and display its results. After that, you should do the same for the other phone bill.
